Create 04-april-security-and-quality-rollup (#40374)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/release-notes/2024/04-april-security-and-quality-rollup.md

> # April 2024 Security and Quality Rollup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# April 2024 security and quality rollup
```

Reviewer: The docs style is to use "Sentence casing" in titles, where only the first word is capitalized.

_Released April 9, 2024_

> ## Summary of What's New in this Release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Summary of what's new in this release
```

### Security improvements

> #### CVE-2024-21409 – Remote Code Execution Vulnerability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### CVE-2024-21409 – Remote code execution vulnerability
```

> This security update addresses a remote code execution vulnerability detailed in [CVE 2024-21409](https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-US/security-guidance/advisory/CVE 2024-21409).

Reviewer: This link doesn't work for me. Should it point here? https://msrc.microsoft.com/update-guide/vulnerability/CVE-2024-21409

> #### Defense in Depth Vulnerability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Defense in depth vulnerability
```

This security update addresses an issue where version of the OSS zlib library is out of date.

#### Defense in Depth Vulnerability

> This security update addresses an issue in AIA fetching process.

Reviewer: To avoid duplicate headings, can we combine this with the previous section, perhaps as two bullet points?

Author: These are two separate security vulnerabilities that are in two different areas of .NET Framework.  Separating them aligns with how the KB articles are published.  Generally, we don't have duplication of the titles like this.  I do want to make sure the content is distinctly different in each fix approach.

### Quality and reliability improvements

This release contains the following quality and reliability improvements.

#### ASP.NET

> + Addresses an issue with JavaScriptSerializer where after installing the January Security and Quality update there is a performance degradation. (*applies to: .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1,4.7.2, 4.8, 4.8.1*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Addresses an issue with `JavaScriptSerializer` where after installing the January Security and Quality update, there is a performance degradation. (*Applies to: .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1,4.7.2, 4.8, 4.8.1*)
```

> + Addresses an issue with JavaScriptSerializer where after installing the January Security and Quality update there is a performance degradation. (*applies to: .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1,4.7.2, 4.8, 4.8.1*)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Addresses an issue with `JavaScriptSerializer` where after installing the January Security and Quality update there is a performance degradation. (*applies to: .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1,4.7.2, 4.8, 4.8.1*)
```

#### CLR

> + Addressed an issue with thread pool recycled lists become unresponsive on multi-CPU-group computers (*applies to: .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2, 4.8, 4.8.1*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Addressed an issue with thread pool recycled lists becoming unresponsive on multi-CPU-group computers (*applies to: .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2, 4.8, 4.8.1*).
```

Reviewer 2: Why not simply say .NET Framework 4.6.2 and newer versions?

+ Addressed an issue where Interlocked.Read from 32-bit apps are much slower on some computers. (*applies to: .NET Framework 4.8.1*)

#### Compilers

> + Addresses an issue using the native C# compiler (csc.exe) to compile code making calls to COM interop assemblies. (*applies to: .NET Framework 4.8.1*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Addresses an issue when the native C# compiler (csc.exe) is used to compile code making calls to COM interop assemblies. (*Applies to: .NET Framework 4.8.1.*)
```

## Known issues

This release contains no known issues.  

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Summary tables

> The following tables outline the updates in this release. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table outlines the updates in this release.
```

> | Product Version | Cumulative Update |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Product version | Cumulative update |
```

| **Windows 10, version 22H2** | **[5037036](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5037036)** |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.8 | [5036608](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036608) |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.8.1 | [5036618](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036618) |
| **Windows 10, version 21H2** | **[5037035](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5037035)** |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.8 | [5036608](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036608) |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.8.1 | [5036618](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036618) |
| **Windows 10 1809 and Windows Server 2019** | **[5037034](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5037034)** |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.7.2 | [5036604](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036604) |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.8 | [5036610](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036610) |
| **Windows 10 1607 and Windows Server 2016** | |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2 | [5032197](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5032197) |
| .NET Framework 4.8 | [5036609](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036609) |
| **Windows 10 1507** | |
| .NET Framework 3.5, 4.6, 4.6.2 | [5032199](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5032199) |

> The following tables are for earlier Windows and Windows Server versions for Security and Quality Rollup updates.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table is for earlier Windows and Windows Server versions for Security and Quality Rollup updates.  
```

> | Product Version | Security and Quality Rollup |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Product version | Security and quality rollup |
```

| .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2 | [5036606](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036606) |
| .NET Framework 4.8 | [5036614](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036614) |
| **Windows Server 2012** | **[5037039](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5037039)** |
| .NET Framework 3.5 | [5036624](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036624) |
| .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2 | [5036605](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036605) |
| .NET Framework 4.8 | [5036612](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036612) |
| **Windows Server 2008 R2** | **[5037038](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5037038)** |
| .NET Framework 3.5.1 | [5036626](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036626) |
| .NET Framework 4.6.2, 4.7, 4.7.1, 4.7.2 | [5036607](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036607) |
| .NET Framework 4.8 |[5036615](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036615) |
| **Windows Server 2008** | **[5037041](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5037041)** |
| .NET Framework 2.0, 3.0 | [5036625](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036625) |
| .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 | [5036637](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036637) |
| .NET Framework 4.6.2 | [5036607](https://support.microsoft.com/kb/5036607) |

> The following tables are for earlier Windows and Windows Server versions for Security Only updates which are not cumulative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table is for earlier Windows and Windows Server versions for Security Only updates, which aren't cumulative.
```

> | Product Version | Security Only Update |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Product version | Security only update |
```

> # April 2024 security and quality rollup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: April 2024 security and quality rollup
description: Learn about the improvements in the .NET Framework April 2024 security and quality rollup.
ms.date: 04/17/2024
---
# April 2024 security and quality rollup
```
